Feel buried alive
This city is uptight, suffocating and lonely in the crowd.
I'm surrounded by all the screens of their life, screaming into space to drown
them out. I felt out so low felt nowhere to go.
But I know you wait for me.
You wait for me so far out of sight straight into the white.
I'm coming home.
I'm coming back down tonight.
'Cause I've been hypnotized by the lights.
But I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
Yeah, it's taken time to realize, but I'm coming home,
I'm coming back  down tonight, so hold
me tight. I just want to fade out somewhere
we can shipped the world away.
I'm ready to hide far from the fool out, they won't find us in the paradise we'll make.
I felt out so low felt nowhere to go, but I know you wait for me you wait
for me so far out of sight and into the white.
But I know you waiting for me.
I'm coming home.
I'm coming back down tonight.
'Cause I've been hypnotized by the lights.
But I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
Yeah, it's taken time to realize,
but I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
Free falling from the high
I'm following the voice I know
I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
'Cause I've been hypnotized by the lights.
But I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.
Yeah, it's taken time to realize.
I'm coming home, I'm coming back down tonight.